hi this is pink lover 7 100 and i'm here
to talk about my Orbeez today I love my
Orbeez and I just want more tips to UM
take care of them and i'll show you my
RB he's in this can right here Orbeez
had decorated the can all over well my
aura p is in there i'm gonna show you my
RB um well first i want to tell you that
my or b is so sweet well i named it or
be i know it's kind of weird and i named
my or be but it's not weird to me
because I love her um well if you have a
nor B you should watch this video cuz
it's just all bed or peas um here's my
or be right here he's been um I'm
getting three more on monday from my
friend Jade and I've taken a couple
pictures of my or be so i'll show you
now
you
bye-bye or be